Heading Level 1 Marketing Images Heading
Level 2 All images,
including lifestyle marketing images,
should have all text that describes the
content of the image.
Family watching football on their
television.
Image Adult decorative planned table.
Product images Heading Level 2 Where
applicable.
Product images should describe the maid
model and color.
iPhone 12 Pro Max in Pacific Blue image
interface icons heading level 2.
When an image serves as the identifier
for the button, it needs all text.
e-mail us button When all text would be
repetitive,
the alt attribute can be empty.
E-mail us button back to top of page in
Page link.